README.md, before:

InventoHub

InventoHub is a full-stack product management application that allows you to create, update, delete, and view products through a modern, responsive interface. It’s built with React.js, Chakra UI, React Router DOM, Node.js, Express, and MongoDB.

About This Project

⚛️ Tech Stack: React.js, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Chakra UI
🔥 Build a REST API for product management
📱 Responsive UI with React.js and Chakra UI
🐞 Error Handling for invalid requests and server errors
🌐 Deployment Ready for production environments
🚀 And Many More Cool Features!

Setup

Setup .env file:

MONGO_URI=your_mongo_uri
PORT=5000

Run This App Locally
npm run build


Start the app:

npm run start


The application will run at http://localhost:3000.

Features

Browse all products

Add a single product

Edit and delete products

Fully responsive design using Chakra UI

Navigation handled with React Router DOM

Backend API built with Node.js, Express.js, and MongoDB

Proper error handling for API requests

Commit message:

Enhance README with detailed project features
Updated project description and features in README.md for clarity and detail.

README.md, after:

InventoHub

InventoHub is a full-stack product management application that allows you to create, update, delete, and view products through a modern, responsive interface. It’s built with React.js, Chakra UI, React Router DOM, Node.js, Express, and MongoDB.

About This Project

✨ Tech Stack: Leveraging React.js, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, and Chakra UI for a modern, full-stack experience
🚀 Robust REST API: Seamlessly manage products with a well-structured and scalable backend
🎨 Intuitive & Responsive UI: Built with React and Chakra UI to ensure smooth user interactions across all devices
🛡️ Comprehensive Error Handling: Graceful handling of client and server errors to enhance reliability and user trust
🌍 Production-Ready Deployment: Optimized for easy deployment with environment configuration and build scripts
Setup

### Setup .env file

```shell
MONGO_URI=your_mongo_uri
PORT=5000
```

### Run this app locally

```shell
npm run build
```

### Start the app

```shell
npm run start
```


The application will run at http://localhost:5000.

Features

- Browse all products
- Add a single product
- Edit and delete products
- Fully responsive design using Chakra UI
- Navigation handled with React Router DOM
- Backend API built with Node.js, Express.js, and MongoDB

Proper error handling for API requests
